# TravelBud
#The only travelling you will ever need
TravelBud is a mobile application designed on coutline to make your next Travel perfect in terms of time, money and experience. We provide you the interface where you can search your planned destination, find out different routes of different modes, book hotels to anywhere in Nepal, find and reachout your perfect local guide and estimate your budget. Now the question arise, why TravelBud if there are existing tours and travel companies. Lemme explain. In context of tours and travel companies, you can enjoy the same nature but the way you want might not be what they provide. Timing and routes can't be modified by your choices and the mode of stay might get a little luxury draining your pockets completely. Further the codependency might get into nerve not letting one to enjoy to their fullest. TravelBud helps you plan your trip independently and enjoy with your loved ones.

Using TravelBud you can even share your next planned trip among other users and the interested ones can request to join with you. Isn't that fun? This feature basically find out your travel Buddy. Thats where the name TravelBud arises.
Further, keeping safety concerns in mind, TravelBud provide you the sacure environment by only letting the authenticated users to use our app. We are planning on User varifications through National Ids or passport or any legal IDs. Emergence button to locate Users coordinates and forwarding the details to local authorities will also be integrated.

Travelling is fun, all we you need is Time and money. Let TravelBud plan your trip and find your next Travel Buddy.
